nixos/matrix-conduit: default database backend to rocksdb on 26.05 or later (#475068)
NixOS/nixpkgs: doc/release-notes/rl-2605.section.md

Reviewer: These are the nixpkgs release notes (`/doc`); you want the nixos release notes (`/nixos/doc/`) at `nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2605.section.md`

- All Xfce packages have been moved to top level (e.g. if you previously added `pkgs.xfce.xfce4-whiskermenu-plugin` to `environment.systemPackages`, you will need to change it to `pkgs.xfce4-whiskermenu-plugin`). The `xfce` scope will be removed in NixOS 26.11.

> - `matrix-conduit` now uses rocksdb as the default database backend in the system.stateVersion 26.05 or later. A manual migration is necessary if you used sqlite as the backend before.

Reviewer: grammar/formatting nit

```suggestion
- `matrix-conduit` now uses rocksdb as the default database backend when `system.stateVersion` is set to `"26.05"` or later. A manual migration is necessary if you used sqlite as the backend before.
```

Author: Thank you for the suggestion!
